Tanvi Kulkarni, Braden Lint, Logan Humphrey, Connor Broekhuizen

Students hate Workday. Workday’s current user interface has unintuitive directories and time-consuming procedures to access students’ class schedules. Even after successfully navigating, the schedule is displayed in an unclear, messy viewing window, which students find frustrating. Currently, the only other alternative is for the students to maintain their own schedule or to merge their schedules with another generic calendar app. This is either time consuming or unfeasible for a lot of Calvin’s students.
 To combat this frustration and assist the Calvin community, WorkAround will provide a straightforward and accessible way to view one’s class schedule. Our app, WorkAround, would be an effective and easy-to-use alternative to Workday’s cumbersome user interface, specifically regarding viewing the current class schedule. With a single sign-on and an easy set up, the students would not have to be concerned about their schedules for the semester. Moreover, WorkAround is centered around one page. Tasks like editing and adding an event can be done through one screen. Personalizing options, included in WorkAround, would relieve students from having to use generic and dull calendar apps to maintain their schedule. Hoping to be useful to both students and professors, WorkAround will incorporate important features such as: an easy access to Student Services, a delightful UI, a campus guide to all buildings mentioned in the class schedule, a simple way to share schedules with peers, and a notification system that would notify users of upcoming classes. 
